docs: Prepare Changelog for 7.17.11 (#35950)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

:issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/

[[release-notes-7.17.11]]
=== Beats version 7.17.11
https://github.com/elastic/beats/compare/v7.17.10\...v7.17.11[View commits]

==== Breaking changes

*Affecting all Beats*

> - Update Go version to 1.19.10 {pull}35751[35751]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Go version to 1.19.10. {pull}35751[35751]
```

In addition, shouldn't be a Breaking changes but in Added section.

*Auditbeat*

*Filebeat*

*Heartbeat*

*Metricbeat*

*Packetbeat*

*Winlogbeat*

*Functionbeat*

==== Bugfixes

*Affecting all Beats*

> - Support for multiline zookeeper logs {issue}2496[2496]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for multi-line ZooKeeper logs. {issue}2496[2496]
```

> - Allow `clock_nanosleep` in the default seccomp profiles for amd64 and 386. Newer versions of glibc (e.g. 2.31) require it. {issue}33792[33792]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allow `clock_nanosleep` in the default seccomp profiles for amd64 and 386. Newer versions of glibc (for example, 2.31) require it. {issue}33792[33792]
```

- Disable lockfile when running under elastic-agent. {pull}33988[33988]
- Fix lockfile logic, retry locking {pull}34194[34194]
- Add checks to ensure reloading of units if the configuration actually changed. {pull}34346[34346]
- Fix namespacing on self-monitoring {pull}32336[32336]

> - Fix race condition when stopping runners {pull}32433[32433]

Reviewer: Released in 7.17.6

- Fix concurrent map writes when system/process code called from reporter code {pull}32491[32491]
- Log errors from the Elastic Agent V2 client errors channel. Avoids blocking when error occurs communicating with the Elastic Agent. {pull}34392[34392]
- Only log publish event messages in trace log level under elastic-agent. {pull}34391[34391]
- Fix issue where updating a single Elastic Agent configuration unit results in other units being turned off. {pull}34504[34504]

> - Fix namespacing on self-monitoring {pull}32336[32336]

Reviewer: Duplicate

> - Fix race condition when stopping runners {pull}32433[32433]

Reviewer: Release in 7.17.6

> - Fix concurrent map writes when system/process code called from reporter code {pull}32491[32491]

Reviewer: Duplicate

- Update elastic-agent-system-metrics to v0.4.6 to allow builds on mips platforms. {pull}34674[34674]
- The Elasticsearch output now splits large requests instead of dropping them when it receives a StatusRequestEntityTooLarge error. {pull}34911[34911]

> - Fix Beats started by agent do not respect the allow_older_versions: true configuration flag {issue}34227[34227] {pull}34964[34964]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix Beats started by agent not respecting the `allow_older_versions: true` configuration flag. {issue}34227[34227] {pull}34964[34964]
```

> - Fix performance issues when we have a lot of inputs starting and stopping by allowing to disable global processors under fleet. {issue}35000[35000] {pull}35031[35031]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix performance issues when we have a lot of inputs starting and stopping, by allowing to disable global processors under Fleet. {issue}35000[35000] {pull}35031[35031]
```

> - In cases where the matcher detects a non-string type in a match statement, report the error as a debug statement, and not a warning statement. {pull}35119[35119]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In cases where the matcher detects a non-string type in a match statement, report the error as a debug statement rather than a warning statement. {pull}35119[35119]
```

- 'add_cloud_metadata' processor - add cloud.region field for GCE cloud provider

> - 'add_cloud_metadata' processor - update azure metadata api version to get missing `cloud.account.id` field

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 'add_cloud_metadata' processor - update Azure metadata API version to get missing `cloud.account.id` field
```

> - Make sure k8s watchers are closed when closing k8s meta processor. {pull}35630[35630]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Make sure that Kubernetes watchers are closed when closing the Kubernetes meta processor. {pull}35630[35630]
```

> - Upgraded apache arrow library used in x-pack/libbeat/reader/parquet from v11 to v12.0.1 in order to fix cross-compilation issues {pull}35640[35640]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded apache arrow library used in `x-pack/libbeat/reader/parquet` from v11 to v12.0.1 in order to fix cross-compilation issues. {pull}35640[35640]
```

To be the same than 8.8.2 changelog

> - Fix panic when MaxRetryInterval is specified, but RetryInterval is not {pull}35820[35820]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix panic when the disk queue's MaxRetryInterval configuration is specified, but RetryInterval is not {pull}35820[35820]
```

To be the same than 8.8.2 release
